[phone vibrating]
[sighs]
Hey, Jake. What's up?
What? When? How?
[groans]
So, who told you?
[sighs]
Mm. Mm.
Well, I'm sure
you can handle it.
Call me when you get down there.
Okay, sure thing. Bye.
What's happening
with your brother?
Oh, nothing. My dad died.
Jason. What happened?
Well, these... these people
that knew him from the apartment
complex he lives in,
they hadn't seen him
for a few days,
so they... they called the super
who called the Tampa PD,
and they went in and found him
on the kitchen floor.
He hadn't moved
in some time, it was...
Oh...
...heart attack or something.
Jake's on his way down
right now.
Hey, baby, I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
I feel like I want
scrambled eggs.
You want some eggs?
Izzy called. Jason...
I know.Anything I can do.
Oh, it's okay.Anything at all.
Thanks.CHUNK: Hey, man.
Hey.It's tough.
Anything I can do for you?
No, it's all right.Will there be a service?
You know, my brother's
taking care of all that.
How you doing?I'm good.
If there's anything I can do...You know what? Thank you.
I appreciate it. I really do.
Uh, I think the best thing
for me right now is...
just to get to work.
All right, then.Sure.
Oh, there was a delivery.
Uh, came this morning.
It's on your desk.
Thanks.
[exhales]
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter][horn honking]
[shouts]
Get out of the way!
Move!
[tires screeching]
[dog barking]
Hey, I'm sorry, uh...
this may sound like
a strange question, but, uh,
where are we?
You're in Brooklyn.
This is Park Slope.
What time is it?
It's, uh, quarter to 3:00.
That's not possible.
Oh, I was just in my office
and-and it was... 10:00.
Um, can I, can I borrow
your phone?
'cause I-I don't have mine.
Yeah, I-I don't...
I don't think so.
Come on.
[softly]:
All right.
COHEN:
Jason?
Nate.
Why are you lurking
outside my door?
I was looking for you.
You haven't been around since
you finished your doctorate.
I assumed you'd forgotten
about me, as students do.
Forget the best teacher
I ever had? I don't think so.
Save the flattery for someone
young enough to believe it.
I trained you
to be a clinician, Jason.
To treat patients.
You abandoned psychology,
to do what--
fix parking tickets?
Trial analysis.
Same difference.
Well, we can agree to disagree.
I have a problem.
I've lost five hours.
Lost.
You have no memory of them?
I was in my office.
It was morning.
And the next thing,
it was afternoon and I was here.
And I have no consciousness
of the intervening hours
or what I did.
Any signs of a recent
head injury,
concussion,
nausea, headache?
No.
On any medication?
[scoffs]
I'm barely on Scotch these days.
Well, by all means,
see many doctors
and have lots
of expensive tests,
but I suspect it's an episode
of transient global amnesia.
Do you have a history
of heart disease?
Yes.
That makes it more likely.
It's usually
brought on by stress
or very strenuous activity.
Any stress recently?
My father died.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, we weren't that close,
and I don't think that's...
a big enough event
to cause an episode like this.
The thing is, I was...
in my office
and I was looking at something.
But I can't remember
what it was.
Some short-term memory loss
is to be expected.
You'll figure it out.
Nice to see you, Jason.
Nate, something
provoked this,
something important, and I can't
put my finger on it. I...
I'd really like
to talk to you about this.
I haven't worked with patients
in a very long time.
You'll have no trouble
finding someone to talk to.
It's Brooklyn,
you can't throw a stick
without hitting a therapist.
You used to say
it's not the crisis
that defines the patient,
but their response to it.
I lost my memory,
and I ended up
a block from your apartment.
I don't think
that's an accident.
Please.
You're interrupting a very full
morning of doing nothing.
Come in.
I did actually get
a parking ticket recently.
I can't help you with that.
♪
Well, this place
hasn't changed, has it?
Same books,
same furniture.
And this rug.
Have you ever had
this rug cleaned?
If I'd known you were coming,
I would have called a decorator.
Tissue box is empty.
Then I guess
you can't cry.
Jason, procrastination
is a form
of passive-aggressive
resistance.
So cut the crap
and sit down, will you?
I'd forgotten
how cuddly you aren't.
You want a cuddle?
There's a pillow.
Your father died.
Let's start there.
Tell me about him.
Whip-smart, fast talker.
Never delivered on a promise.
You weren't close.
He left the family
when I was a teenager.
I decided at that time that
I would have
nothing to do with him.
And in 30 years,
I haven't found any reason
to change my mind.
You never tried to reconnect,
make peace?
In the end,
I never saw the point.
It's not like
he was gonna change.
Apologize.
Jake got along with him,
'cause they're made the same.
Your brother, where is he now?
He is down in Florida,
arranging things.
And, uh, I'm happy
to let him do that, I've...
I'll pay for the funeral.
And that will be the only thing
my father gets from me.
Can we talk about
something else?
You have a family now?
I do.
A daughter and a wife.
Any stress there recently?
You could say that.
IZZY: Jason!
[crying]
Where's Astrid?I don't know.
[muffled shout]
No, no, no. What's going on?
He took her. He had a gun.
Had a gun.Who? Who took her?
[phone ringing]
Where's my daughter?
You didn't hear about this?
It was in the news.
Must have missed it.
I can't imagine how horrible
that must have felt.
Weirdly, it didn't
feel like anything, really.
It was an out-of-body
experience.
I was floating up
near the ceiling,
looking down on myself.
And Izzy.
What did the police say
when you called them?
We didn't call the police.
DISTORTED VOICE:
Do you have the money?
Yes, I have the money.
The million dollars,
just like you asked for.
Tell me where to go.
You'll receive
further instructions
once you're on the road.
Remember, no police.
[dial tone]
IZZY:
I don't like this.
I don't like you
going out there alone.
Danny's following me,
Taylor's got trackers
on my watch,Taylor is one person.
on my phone.I want an army.
I want helicopters in the sky.We can't do that.
We don't want to tip them off.
If we panic, they panic.
We stick to the plan.
There is no plan.
Jason, there's no plan.
I went along with this
because I thought your team
would figure out
who took Astrid and have
some kind of special insight
in getting her back,
but-but you don't know
who these people are,
you don't know where they are,
you know nothing.Now listen,
I don't know who they are,
but we know they did this
to get to me, and I...
I'm the one who has to fix it.
You always say the best
way to win a negotiation
is to never let them see
the fear in your eyes.
Well, I can see the fear
in your eyes, Jason.
And this time,we have
everything to lose.
I got to go.
Please.
She's my daughter, too.
If anything happens,
I will never forgive myselfYou'll never forgive me. I know.
for-for not calling the police,
for not just s-screaming
and fighting and kicking
and just doing everything I can
to get my daughter back.Okay, okay.
I promise you I'm gonna
get our daughter back.
COHEN:
Your wife was right.
You did have everything to lose.
By refusing help,
you took sole responsibility
for your daughter's safety.
Well, I didn't have a choice.
They told us
not to call the police.
Don't kidnappers
always say that,
and don't most people
call the police anyway?
Okay, the situation
was that kidnapper was
the mother of a teenage boy
who used to be a patient
of mine and he died,
and she held me responsible.
She didn't want Astrid,
she didn't want money.
She wanted me. I had to go.
It had to be me.
What were you feeling
when you went?
That I would do anything
to ensure Astrid's safety.
And?
That I was probably gonna die.
This is for Simon.
You know what I remember
about Simon?
You took him to
an amusement park
for his 12th birthday.
Right? It was his 12th birthday.
And he knew you were
afraid of heights,
but he said that
you took him
on this massive
roller coaster anyway.
And he knew how scared you were.
And he thought
that was so cool
that you would
face your fears like that.
For him.
Drop your weapon!
Hands in the air!No! No, stop it!
I said drop!Don't shoot!
BULL:
Don't shoot, I've got this.
Don't shoot.CHERYL: Stay back! Stay back!
BULL:
Everything's gonna be okay.
Everything's
gonna be all right.
You know what happened
right before I got here?
My wife told me
that she'd never forgive herself
if she didn't do
every single thing she could
to save our daughter.
And that's all you're doing
right now.
You want to do
every single thing you can
to avenge Simon.
But you don't have to.
He knew how much you loved him.
No matter how much
he was hurting,
he knew.
[gun clatters on ground]
[sobbing]
[shrieking, sobbing]
It's okay.
CHERYL:
No!
That was profoundly
traumatic.
Ah.Don't diminish it.
An experience like
that changes you.
You said something
you saw in your office
triggered the episode.
Could it have been connected
to the kidnapping?
I don't think so.
It doesn't feel right.
Well, anyway,
the woman took a plea deal.
Yes? That must have
been a relief.
Wait a second,
how do you know that?
Hmm?
Well, you just told me that
you had not heard
anything about this case.
So how do you know that
Cheryl Werth took a plea deal?
I must have read about it
and forgotten.
Oh.
Well, that doesn't
sound like you.
You're the sharpest mind
I've ever known.
I'm old, Jason.
I'd forget my butt
if it wasn't stuck to me.
You want coffee?
I'll make some.
IZZY:
Any sign of him?
No. The security cameras show
that Bull left the office
around 10:00,
just a few minutes
after he got in.
That was hours ago.
Did he say anything
before he left?
Uh, no, he made it clear
that he wanted to be alone,
so that's what we did.
The news about his father,
it did something to him.
He didn't want
to talk about it,
but I could tell
that he was upset.
You can track his phone, right?
It's here.
He left it on his desk.
Okay, any his recent
emails, messages?
Don't pretend
you haven't looked.
I might have taken a quick look.
There's nothing about a meeting
or appointment today.
I spoke with my friend
at the NYPD,
and she's sympathetic,
but they're gonna need more than
"He's been gone for a couple
of hours" to do anything.
Look, I understand
why you're worried,
but let's be honest, we've
all seen Bull do stuff
that didn't make sense at first.
Look, you know
he lives in his head.
Maybe he just needed
to get away and think.
No. He wouldn't do it this way.
He knows I would worry, he
would have said something.
We'll keep looking.
I really think he's okay.
No. He's not.
Oh, man, that is good.
[scoffs]
What's the name of the stuff
you put in this again?
Chicory.
Chicory. That's right.
Whenever I smell this,
I think about you
and this room.
So, your daughter
was kidnapped.
I assume that's
the most stressful thing
that's happened recently?
Well, I did get
a little arrested.
Judge Hopkins.
Hello, everybody.
What's the FBI doing here?
HOPKINS:
There's been a development
in the Smokestack class action.
What's the development?
The U.S. Attorney's Office
received
an anonymous tip
that there had been
interference with the jury.
One of the jurors
said that he'd been bribed.
Bribed? By who?
By you.[laughs] What?
Yeah, that-that's ridiculous.
Wha...
You're just gonna take
the word of this juror?
AGENT:We have corroborating
evidence that
Dr. Bull made direct
contact with this juror.
HOPKINS:
To answer your earlier
question, Dr. Bull,
I'm afraid the agents are here
to take you into custody.
AGENT:
Dr. Jason Bull,
you're under arrest
for the crime
of jury tampering.
It was a class action suit.
We were suing a manufacturer
of vape pens.
And you won.Yes, we did. Big.
$150 million.
Which they claimed was
because you bribed a juror.
With my wife, actually.
That we somehow
conspired together.
That must have been
easy to disprove.
Not as easy as you'd think.
I've been thinking about
a different approach
to the trial.
Olivia and I could
put together a proffer
in which I agreed
to plead guiltyProffer?
to a lesser charge
in exchangeWhoa.
Wha...for a reduced sentence.
There's a good chance
we could get him down
a few years,
which isn't bad.
Martha Stewart
did five months.
D-Don't you dare joke
about this.She's a tough bird.
Why would you plead guilty
for something you didn't do?
We would make it a condition
that Reilly drop
any prosecution of you.
You'd be safe.What?
Don't make this about me.
It's not about you.
It's about Astrid.
I know...
that you think that
this is a way of saving
Astrid and me, but don't.
I'm not a damsel in distress.
And if our daughter needs
saving, we do it together.
You know, I'm terrified
about the way all of this
could turn out, too.
But being afraid doesn't mean
that you stop fighting.
It means that you fight harder.
Izzy, I'm just trying
to be realistic here.
COHEN:
I know they didn't
find you guilty,
because you're here.
How did you convince them?
I confessed.
I don't understand.
You said you weren't guilty.
I wasn't. And I was.
OLIVIA:
What happened that night
at Randall Hughes' house?
I sat in my car,
and I watched Coach Hughes
take his trash to the curb.
Is that it?
That's all you did that night?
No.
I got out of the car.
And why did you get
out of your car?
To bribe Randall Hughes.
OLIVIA:
I'm sorry, Dr. Bull,
I'm confused.
You just said
you didn't offer him a bride.I didn't,
but I thought about it
for a few seconds,
and then I thought better of it,
and I got back in my car
and I drove home.
But in that time...
[sighs]
We were desperate.
I was fighting
on behalf of
so many people
in this class action suit,
and we were...
trapped, and I...
...was selfish,
and I put my team at risk,
their reputations
and their livelihoods.
And I am ashamed of myself
for that.
But most of all, my wife
and my child,
to bring them into this mess,
that I regret most of all.
COHEN:
Tell me about Izzy.
[sighs]
Izzy is everything.
She and Astrid
are the center of my life.
Which is ironic,
since I nearly lost her.
What do you mean?
Well, we were married...
...before, years ago.
But we had a miscarriage and
we couldn't
hold it together and...
I... There was someone else,
for a little bit, but it was...
it was Izzy.
And it just took a long time
until I could admit
what she meant to me.
What convinced you?
Probably the fact she was
about to marry someone else.
[knocking]
Oh, my goodness.
[door closes]
[laughs softly]
You-you want a drink?
Yes. God, yes.
But don't give me one.
It's nice.
Want to buy it?
I'm getting married.
[chuckles]
I heard.
I wanted to tell
you. Um, I called,
but you were never
there, so I...
I figured it was a sign.
No.
It's all good.
I'm happy for you.
You don't look happy.
Happy for you, sad for me.
You're a great lady, lady.
Is that what you came
over here to tell me?
I'm sorry it didn't...
work for us.
I would have really liked
for it to have worked.
But I'm glad you found someone.
I wish the same for you.
Hmm.
[sniffles]
Can I tell
you something?
Something I don't think
you know about yourself?
I don't think
you're good alone, Jason.
I don't.
You may be
on to something there.
COHEN:
What happened?
She left her fiancé
and you got married?
No. She married him.
How did you and she
get back together?
Well, it's a funny thing.
Her father died.
I saw Izzy at the funeral.
Well, that couldn't
have been a surprise.
She looked so... fragile.
That couldn't have been
a surprise, either.
I didn't know what to do.
I didn't do any of it very well.
What did you want to do?
[exhales]
I wanted to save her.
I've always wanted to save her.
[bed creaks]
I got to go.
[crying softly]
[sniffles]
Don't give me that look.
That's not the first time
you've heard someone
talk about sex at a funeral.
Anyway,
that is how Izzy
got pregnant with Astrid.
And that's when
you got married.
No.
When she gave birth?
You are married?
It took a while.
Interesting.
What's interesting?
You don't see the connection?
No. What?
Jason, I used to think of you
as one of my most
insightful students.
Do you honestly not see this?
Seriously, I... Nate,
you got to help me out here.
You have a fragile,
precious relationship
with Izzy
and Astrid.
Your center,
as you put it.
Twice in the recent past
it's been threatened.
Once by a kidnapping,
once with prison.
Both times you took on
the burden of saving it.
It seems logical
that the trigger
for the episode
was another threat.
One you feared you couldn't
save your family from.
Okay. So what would that be?
You.
What?
Think it through.
You think I'm a threat
to my family?
I'm saying that's
what you think.
Jason, what did this episode
of amnesia allow you to do?
Functionally?I don't know.
It let you disappear.
Poof. You came here,
where no one will look for you.
You're in hiding.
Why would you do that
if you weren't afraid?
What could convince me
I was a threat to my family?
I don't know.
Maybe it has something to do
with that envelope
in your jacket pocket.
I didn't even know
that was there.
How did you know that was there?
I am, in fact, an
omniscient being
who knows all things.
Also, I saw it just now.
Open it.
I want to know what's inside.
[sighs]
It's a check for $44.7 million.
Now we're getting somewhere.
COHEN:
Nearly $45 million.
That's real money.
Yeah. It's the, uh,
fee for the class action.
We work on a contingency.
This is a third
of the total award.
I just... I didn't know
it was arriving today.
It's what you saw in the office,
the trigger for the episode.
Why would this make me feel
like a threat to my family?
What does it mean to you?
More money for TAC.
Uh... it's more clients,
more staff, more cases.
More travel?
Which would mean more work...
Is this about work?
That doesn't feel right.
No, it doesn't.
Tell me about TAC.
Uh, we're a trial science firm.
We shape the narrative
of a trial
to suit the jurors we've picked.
Pick jurors? How
do you do that?
MARISSA:
$10,000
for Hamiltontickets, day of.
Fourth row center.
From a scalper.
It's an absolutely justifiable
business expense.
I had to pay off
the court clerk.
Bull, I seriously doubt
the IRS will agree
that illegal bribes
are deductible.
Marissa, if I don't have a list
of the 75 potential jurors
that make up the jury pool
at least a couple days
before I walk
into that courtroom,
then all of those people
on the other side of that door
can't research them
and help me figure out
if I want them or not.
And since jury lists
are not supposed to be shared
with either side...Exactly.
the only way that I can
do my job is to have that list.
Otherwise I'm just guessing,
and any fool can guess.
So there's some
rule-breaking involved.
I'm not gonna apologize
for getting information I need
to help my clients.
I'm not asking you to apologize.
So this
information
tells you who to pick
for your jury?
Well, the information
only gets you so far.
You got to question the jurors
to weed out the bad ones.
You don't want
to let the other side know
what you're doing,
so sometimes the questions
have to be a little unorthodox.
This case is about
government secrets.
So what I would like
to speak to you about
is canned goods.
Ladies and gentlemen,
let's talk about cats.
How many people here own cats?
Any hopeless romantics
here today?
Anyone here believe
in love at first sight?
Today I want to talk
to you about rats.
Is there anyone here
who rides horses,
bungee jumps or skydives?CHUNK: I would like to
talk to you all
a little bit about phobias.
One of the most common phobias
is spiders.
COHEN:
Rats, cats
and spiders.
Forgive me,
but your trial science
doesn't sound that scientific.
Kind of like psychology.
It's more of a feeling.
And that's what I do, I...
you know, I watch people
and I observe
their body language
and their facial expressions
and I listen to the words
they choose,
and then I try to figure out
what they're thinking.
There you go.
Thank you.BULL: Wonder if that's
his real hair.
Let's see that wedding finger.
Hmm. No ring.
No indent of the finger flesh.
Maybe he's actually single.
[clears throat]
True story. No, it isn't.
You just cleared your throat.
Pretty good indicator
that you're about to lie.
When Marissa and I met and
we were comparing histories,
backstories, and she
told me she worked
for Homeland Security,
I was convinced it was
the name of a bank.
[laughs] I'm sorry,
I still don't believe that.
BULL:
Good. Neither do I.
Oh, but it is a good story.
It made you smile.
It still makes me smile.
The only reason I am here,
my dear, is to make you smile.
[laughs]
BULL:
I hate this guy.
You said I used to be
really good at that.
I think I said,
"I'd never seen anyone better."
But let's get
back to TAC.
Let me see if I've got
this right. You rig the jury...
It's not rigging to select
jurors open to your argument.
...and tell them
a version of the facts
that leads to a verdict
you desire.
I want to see my clients
get the justice they deserve.
Again, I am not gonna apologize
for doing everything I can
on their behalf.
I'm not asking you to apologize.
Just that you be honest.
What does that mean?
"Do everything I can
on their behalf"?
That phrase covers a lot,
doesn't it?
What's your point?
Time for me to be honest, Jason.
I know things about you.
More than you might expect.
For instance, what you did
to that elevator full of jurors.
Whew. Going up?
[elevator bell chimes]
[clears throat]
Sorry.
[metal creaking]
[button clicks]
Oh, no. Good, we're stuck.
WOMAN:
No way.
We can't be stuck.
Oh, push the red button.
What's your emergency?
We got six people stuck in
an elevator at the courthouse.
You got to send somebody
to get us out right away.
Stand by, ma'am.
How long?
No longer than a few hours.
[overlapping chatter]
We're jurors in a trial.
Do it.
[metal thudding]
WOMAN:
We can get out of here.
I bet a medical emergency
gets a response.
Hi, uh,
it's the elevator people again.
We have someone in here
going into
cardiac arrest.
We need help
right now.
It's a medical
emergency.
Can you please
describe the symptoms?
Chest pains, um,
red in the face,
trouble breathing.
I'm pretty sure
it's a coronary.
And that's it.
That's what we're
looking for.
We got them.
[machinery whirring]
[laughs]:
Oh.
MARISSA:
Luckily, the power's back up.
I contacted the fire department
and they're sending EMTs
right away.
WOMAN:
Never mind. False alarm.
[elevator bell chimes]
Word of advice? Take the stairs.
How'd you know about that?
What can I say?
I've kept my eye on you.
I was trying to make
the jury understand
why someone would make up
a story under pressure.
And it worked.
Seriously,
how'd you know about that?
Making the jury understand?
Is that what prompted
the incident in Texas?
[siren wailing]DARLING:
Okay. Put a pin in this.
Let's go.
Jury, everybody,
let's get down to the shelter.
Bull, get inside,
you dummy, there's
a tornado coming.
Is there?
Yeah, I mean, it's lit up
all over social media.
Look, they're tweeting
about it a town over.
CABLE [over video]:
Once again, there's a severe
tornado warning
issued for all of Callisto.
While everyone in Callisto
should immediately find shelter,
a tornado watch has been issued
for neighboring counties.
Ah.
My responsibility
is to my clients,
and if I find an imaginative way
to advance their case,
I don't see anything wrong
with that.
See nothing wrong
with it? You love it.
You've always had to be the
smartest guy in the room,
and we both know smart guys
don't follow the rules.
You prefer a crooked path
because the straight
and narrow bores you.
What are you saying?
Someone who doesn't
play by the rules
delights in outwitting
the system,
manipulates other people
to his own ends.
Who is that person?
You're a con man.
You conned Peters,
but you haven't conned me.
I loathe parlor tricks.
You didn't play by the rules
back then
and you're in hot water
for doing the same thing now.
You're not on the level,
and that exhausts me.
People appreciate a good story
when they're being
sold something.
She said
to the man
wearing completely
clear eyeglasses.
To convince people of what?
To hide from what?
JAKE:
You're not
that different from Dad.
You know that, right?
BULL:
Yeah, we're peas
in a pod.
He was a glorified con man
with a realtor's license.
Do your clients know
you failed the bar twice?
I have three PhDs.
And I never wanted
to be an attorney.
So you're a glorified con man,
but with a psychology degree.
Oh, I get it.
You're saying
I'm a threat to my family
'cause I'm just like my father?
A con man,
a hustler,
a fraud?
Is that what
you're saying, Nate?
I am asking if that's what
you're saying.
Go to hell.
[door slams]
[exhales]
I always liked sitting out here.
Seeing young families
on the street,
parents with little kids.
How could you not
be cheered by that?
Your father left after
he had a success, didn't he?
Yeah. Huge one.
The big score, the one he always
told us was around the corner.
I guess he wanted a new life.
"Money changes everything,"
he used to say.
And he was right.
I lied to you.
Seems only fair.
You weren't my best teacher.
My dad was.
He didn't even have
a high school diploma,
and he could read people
better than any PhD I ever met.
He knew what people
were thinking before they did.
[laughs softly] And he could
get them to believe that
they were doing something
for themselves
when, really,
they were doing it for him.
And I soaked it all up.
He was a thieving narcissist
and a disappointment
to anyone who ever loved him.
And he made me.
His name?
What do you think?
Ah.
Jason Bull, Sr.
There's almost nothing in
the world I know, except this:
children love their parents
even if they don't deserve it.
Sometimes especially
if they don't.
When a father dies,
the child needs to mourn.
But to do that, you can't
hold him at arm's length.
You've got to let him in.
I'm afraid to.
Afraid to admit
how much he's a part of you?
And afraid that...
I'll become just like him.
But you won't,
because you haven't.
Your father wouldn't have
risked his life
to save his daughter.
Wouldn't have confessed
to protect his wife.
He started you, maybe.
You did the rest.
Is that all you got?
[chuckles]
Jason, don't defend.
That's what gets you
into trouble.
Listen. And let this thought in.
Maybe.
Thank you, Nate.
Thank you for the time.
I got nothing but time.
ANDREA:
Uh, hello?
Hello?
Can we help you?
You okay?
Are you all right?
Do you need something?
This is our house.
We live here.Yeah.
[baby cooing]This is your house.
You... Oh.
Sorry.
Uh...
[clears throat]
I just was...
Um...
I knew somebody
who used to live here,
and I was in the
neighborhood, and I...
thought I'd just stop by,
have a look.
You knew the doctor?
Yeah.
We bought the house from him.
Well, uh, from his estate
after he died.
Oh.How'd you know him?
We were friends.
Well, he took great
care of the place.
We had to hardly
do any work on it.
That's good to hear.
It's a great place.
All right, well, I will
get out of your way.
Sorry about that.
Beautiful baby.
Thank you.Oh.
Actually, do either of you
have a cell phone
I could borrow?
He's here.
You're okay.I am totally fine.
I am so glad to see you.Okay.
And I'm gonna slap you so hard
when we get home.
Oh, well, I will accept that
as my just desserts.
Along with a thousand years
of guilt-ridden penitence.
[chuckles] More.Whatever you need.
I told you he was okay.
Chunk was the outlier.
The rest of us were worried.
Ah, well, I am so
sorry about that.
Sorry to make you worry
and also, I'm grateful
to have friends who would worry.
You want to go home?Please.
All right, let me do one thing.
Jake, hey.
How are things coming?
Good. Good.
Well, listen,
I'm-I'm gonna come down.
I'll be there tomorrow.
I'll help with whatever I can.
Yeah, well, I think we should
put the old man to rest
together, you know what I mean?
All right, I'll text you
my flight details.
Love you, too.
By the way, there's something
I want to tell you about.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org